define app 0.6 (#13699)
Lightning-AI/lightning: README.md

## Lightning Lite

<div align="center">
  <img src="docs/source-pytorch/_static/images/lightning_lite/lite.gif" height="200px" width="600px">
</div>

> In the Lighting 1.5 release, LightningLite now enables you to leverage all the capabilities of PyTorch Lightning Accelerators without any refactoring to your training loop. Check out the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Lightning v1.5 release, LightningLite now enables you to leverage all the capabilities of PyTorch Lightning Accelerators without any refactoring to your training loop. Check out the
```
